add warning for system variable tidb_skip_utf8_check (#9385)
pingcap/docs: character-set-and-collation.md

To disable this error reporting, use `set @@tidb_skip_utf8_check=1;` to skip the character check.

> **Note:**
>

> > If the character check is skipped, TiDB might fail to detect illegal UTF-8 characters written by the application, cause decoding errors when `ANALYZE` is executed, and introduce other unknown encoding issues. If your application cannot guarantee the validity of the written string, it is not recommended to skip the character check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If the character check is skipped, TiDB might fail to detect illegal UTF-8 characters written by the application, causing decode errors when `ANALYZE` is executed, and introduce other unknown encoding issues. If your application cannot guarantee the validity of the written string, it is not recommended to skip the character check.
```

Author: might [fail to, cause, and introduce]
